Previously on Prison Break:
- I didn't kill that man. Michael.
- The evidence says you did.
I was set up.
Put down your weapon.
I find it incumbent
that you see the inside of a prison cell.
I'm looking for someone.
A guy named Lincoln Burrows.
Man killed the Vice President's brother.
Why you want to see Burrows
so bad anyhow?
Because he`s my brother.
I'm getting you out of here.
- It's impossible.
- Not if you designed the place. it isn't.
- You've seen the blueprints.
- Better than that.
I've got them on me.
I took some time
to speak to your mother...
Hey. if you're talking about that guy
at Fox River...
He refuses to call him his father.
Take the only thing Burrows has left.
The chair isn't the only way
to take a man's life in prison.
And now scenes from
last week's episode.
But constantly coming up here for count
won't let me do what I need to do
to get through that wall.
- Only way to stop count
is a lockdown.
You gotta get the inmates riled up.
All right. that's it! Lockdown!
Somebody made an anonymous
phone call.
Whoever made that call
couldn't have seen Lincoln.
How do you know?
Because the phone call
came from Washington. D.C.
This is Bellick.
Our wing has been breached.
Hooke's law of elasticity?
If we drill holes in strategic locations.
we compromise the load-carrying capacity
of the wall.
Take the cuffs off.
A rookie CO.
Get out of here. T-Bag.
I think we can work something out.
No deal.
Where`s my daughter?
Not to worry. sir. She's fine.
A guard there assures us
that everything is fine.
We have everything
under control. Governor.
You better hope you do.
They're breaking out.
They're breaking...
We need a favor.
Some heavy hitters want this done.
Burrows is as good as dead.
You looking for Scofield?
- Yeah. Turk.
- Come on.
Hey. yo. Stroker's about to get the Doc.
Sucre. I need you to finish
what we started.
No one touches the CO. No one.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Attention all personnel.
Secure the perimeter.
...on all areas.
Attention. The area is on secure lockdown.
- Any word from the Governor?
- Not yet. boss.
Bellick. get those guys in line.
Get them into formation.
- We going back in?
- Not yet.
We cut the water off about an hour ago.
The stink alone
should drive them out of there.
- You think that's gonna work?
- No. but it's protocol.
And we're all gonna do this by the book.
It's the best chance we have
of everybody getting out of there
- without getting hurt.
- Hey!
This is the Warden.
What's happening in there?
We got some demands!
Tell them we need the air back on.
We need the AC.
We got a hostage. A guard.
We got a hostage. the new guard.
Find out who's in there.
They got Bob.
And that girl doctor. Tell them we got her.
Why don't you do it?
I don't want to get shot.
And we got the girl doctor!
- The doctor?
- There's only one.
How the hell did that happen?
How did they get their hands on her?
I thought she was safe.
She was in Sick Bay.
We got to get her out of there.
Somebody has got to go in there now.
- We can't do it. sir.
- Why not?
It's not by the book.
Sir. I've got some updates for you.
Help! Help!
Scofield's in here?
You sure he's in here?
Turk? Turk?
You ain't gonna use that.
You making up the rules now?
It's my house. You got a problem?
Yeah. I got a problem. We all do.
I'm not a problem. I swear to God.
I'm not gonna say anything.
- I didn't see anything.
- That's right. badge.
You didn't see nothing.
Wait. Don't leave.
Sorry. I'll be back.
Don't worry. I'll cover for you.
Don't worry. CO. all right?
I'm not gonna hurt nobody.
I'm part of the team now.
Help a brother out. Drag that over.
That's the way.
Ladies and gentlemen.
please return to your seats
and fasten your seatbelts.
We're making our final approach
into Washington. D.C.
We need to focus on the real question.
Who wanted Terrence Steadman dead?
The call came from D.C.
What does that tell you?
You got to think past the government.
Anybody could be here.
A business partner. a rival.
Before Steadman was killed.
Ecofield introduced a prototype
electric engine at the techno conference.
$60 barrels of oil would be obsolete
if that thing ever hit the mainstream.
Could be oil. oil companies.
Suppliers. consumers.
everything in between.
Or the government
of an oil-based economy.
Like the United States.
- Can I take your soda?
- Sure.
- Thank you.
At any rate. we land. we meet my guy.
And even if we don't find the person who
tipped off the cops. we find his phone.
The paper trail begins.
Only a matter of time. Doc.
Only a matter of time.
Help!
That's the Governor.
Whatever happens. don't say anything.
Governor. appreciate your coming.
Now. you should know.
since our conversation.
the situation has escalated.
But not to worry. We're making
good progress with our contacts.
Just cut the crap. Warden.
and tell me where my daughter is.
Help!
What have we got here?
"Tyler Robert Hudson."
That is fancy. CO.
Look at that address. "144 Oak Park..."
What's this?
Terrace.
Terrace. How do you swing that. CO?
Sounds like you're about something.
living on a terrace.
I can't wait to kick it on a terrace. What?
- This here must be your daughter.
- Put it back.
Prom?
You know what they say
about a prom dress. don't you?
She ain't come home that night. did she?
No. she wore that all night long.
Next morning.
she had to throw that dress
in the trash can behind the motel
- so her mama didn't see the...
- Hey. hey. hey!
What the hell are you doing?
I'm just kicking it with Deputy Dawg.
You know. talking women.
I'll be very clear here
because you and I
face an evolutionary gap.
You ain't gonna hurt this man.
We're locked into this thing now.
Understand?
And he's the only leverage we have.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Now. do we have an understanding?
I'm on your side now. You understand me?
I'm just going with the flow.
You let me know
when you're done with your leverage.
Let me out!
Let's smoke the bitch out!
- Help!
What are you gonna do now. Doc?
It ain't gonna hurt real bad
if you make it easy.
If you make it hard. though...
Open the door! Come here!
I said. open the door! Open the door!
Come on. Grab my hand.
Come on!
Come here. Open the door.
Come here. Open this door. Come here.
I've got you.
You all right? It's okay.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
See these pipes?
We're gonna stay on them.
They go through the wall
and over the hallway.
and they're gonna get us out of here.
All you have to do is follow me.
- Okay?
- Yeah.
Okay. Let's go.
Where'd she go?
- Where are we meeting him?
- Georgetown. in a parking garage.
He's a private investigator.
He used to be my roommate.
freshman year at Duke.
The disturbance has escalated...
Oh. my God. Nick. look.
At least two hostages
have been confirmed
in what is now being called a full-scale riot
here at the Fox River State Penitentiary.
Should we go back. or keep going?
We should keep going.
You want to go back and stand there with
the rest of the people who aren't helping?
Come on.
The National Guard responded
after Illinois Governor Frank Tancredi
declared a state of emergency...
- Come on. honey. it's time to go.
- Hold on.
...no word on what caused
the initial disturbance. but sources...
That's not Fox River. is it?
...Corrections say tensions often run high
at this facility.
Fox River is a level-five institution
housing some
of the most dangerous criminals...
- What are you doing?
- We have to go. Come on.
No. Dad might be in trouble.
Your father's already in trouble.
There's nothing we can do about it.
Just don't make a scene. okay?
He gets very uncomfortable
with this thing. Just...
- Let's just go. okay? Please.
- Oh. God forbid. man!
We're just talking about my old man here.
and his life.
- If that's all right with you.
- Leave me out of this.
I am leaving you out of it.
- I left you out of it the day I met you.
- Okay.
Because nothing in her life or mine
has anything to do with you.
- I'm gonna pretend I didn't hear that.
- Oh. yeah? Or what?
You see? This is what I'm talking about.
This is the kind of crap I have to deal with.
- Just let me handle it!
- The kind of crap you have to deal with?
- LJ. you want to talk to me. you talk...
- Oh. you got no clue. do you?
- Honey...
- Leave me alone!
- Get off me!
- What the hell are you doing?
- You don't talk to your mother like that.
- Stop it!
- Take that. boy.
- Stop.
Go upstairs. LJ. now!
Go!
- You love that man?
- Just go.
- Do what I say.
Turk.
- Why are you doing this?
- I was sent to.
Why? Why?
Why'd you do this? What's it all about?
Who sent you?
Man. you got to help me.
You've got to. Please.
Talk!
- Who's your friend?
- Scared the hell out of me.
- Who you talking to?
- It's the Fish's idea.
The devil marks the wall
so you know where to drill the holes.
- You're making holes with an eggbeater?
- I know. Crazy. huh?
It's called the Hooker law.
It says that if you poke the exact right
holes in something big and strong.
it gets very weak.
That's true.
When the wall is weak.
we can take it down.
At least. that's the plan.
Yeah. that's always the plan.
You should never underestimate a wall.
You see. sometimes
no matter how hard you try.
it just won't give in.
- Are you all right?
- I'm okay. I'm fine.
Come look this way!
Open up!
You know what?
I need a minute. I'm sorry.
- It's not much further.
- Just a sec.
You know. we can stop if you want.
Catch your breath.
Okay. Yeah. I could use a minute.
Come here. girl. Come here.
Things should be winding down
around now.
Pretty soon the powers that be
will break in and it'll all be over.
It's just a matter of time.
What's happening in A-Wing?
All hell's breaking loose.
But I think if we stay up here.
we should be okay.
I can't believe this is happening.
Yeah. come here. That's real good. Doc.
You know. I'm fishing. girl.
I know you want it. girl.
You ever been to Baja?
- Mexico?
- No.
There's this great place down there.
$20 a night.
hammock on the back deck.
Beers are 50 cents.
25 cents at happy hour.
Ever been to Thailand? Thailand is great.
Michael. if you're trying to calm me down.
you're doing a terrible job.
But I am trying.
You hear that?
- Why are you here?
- What do you mean?
Crawling around in the ceiling.
risking your life.
You needed help and I came to find you.
How did you know where to go?
When everything went off in A-Wing.
the COs left the station
and I saw you on the monitor.
One of my first assignments on PI.
we were up here cleaning out toxic mold.
It took days.
so I'm kind of familiar with the layout.
Hope you wore a mask.
- Excuse me?
- To prevent inhalation.
Mold can be really dangerous.
Yeah. I wore a mask.
Get up there. get up there.
The door to the Visitation Room.
do you ever use it?
Not usually.
But my access card should work.
- Get up.
- Yeah.
Come on.
Let's go. Move.
Come on. baby.
Get up there. man.
Let's go!
Come here!
Yes. sir. I understand.
But believe me. Sara is our top priority.
The hell she is.
I ordered a state of emergency
an hour ago.
- Soldier.
- Yes. sir?
- Get me your commanding officer.
- Right away. sir.
Now. what the hell is going on out here?
Negotiating. sir.
They can't hold out much longer.
Negotiating?
It is 100 degrees in there.
They're almost out of water.
We are trying to avoid
doing anything extreme.
Look. I don't care if it takes a massacre
to get her out of there.
Do you understand me?
Now. if you're not gonna do it. I am.
- Sir.
- Captain.
- Spread the news. you're going in.
- Yes. sir.
It's time to do this my way.
All right.
I got you.
Hey. Fish!
You gonna keep that nurse all to yourself?
Stop!
Oh. my knee!
Come on. This way.
Good call. Governor.
bringing in the big guns.
- Appreciate your support.
- Captain Brad Bellick.
I sent you a letter earlier this year.
My views on penal reform.
And what are they?
These inmates don't mess around.
us CO's need to get tough.
Warden Pope's a good guy.
don't get me wrong.
But he doesn't understand that sometimes
you got to grab the situation
by the gonads and take control.
- And is that what you would do. Captain?
- Yes. sir. that's exactly what I'd do.
So...
Give me that. give me that.
- I don't know. I...
- Give me that thing.
Demolition runs in the family.
The whole trick is pressure.
- Where should I... Here?
- Yeah.
Good. good.
You see. you should push hard
but not too hard.
- Just like when you're. you know.
- Yeah. but you got to be careful. though.
- Yeah. yeah. I know. I know.
- No. no. I mean it.
One slip. and you'll hit the gas pipe.
Gas pipe?
Yeah. you know.
As in. pipe that carries the gas.
We can't go this way.
We have to.
There's no other way to Visitation.
- This is it.
- No. it's not.
- It's back this way.
- This won't help.
- Trust me.
- Michael. if you're wrong...
We don't have time.
Not too hard. not too soft...
When I was her age. I had such bad skin.
Acne. they called it.
Yeah. she looks just like all them girls
who made fun of me.
After I kill you.
I'm gonna crawl out that hole
and call me up a limousine.
and me and your baby's going to the prom.
- Captain. what's the news with Sara?
- Still trying to find her. sir.
You don't even know where she is?
We're on it.
As soon as we do. we'll let you know.
I should've listened to Captain Bellick
and gassed the whole block.
Captain Bellick?
He's right on the frontline.
He knows what these guys can do.
You better pray that Sara gets out of there
in one piece.
I do. Governor. but this is still my prison.
Whatever happens.
I take full responsibility.
Excuse me.
It's this way.
Yeah.
Yes. We're through.
Time to put this theory to the test.
I guess we start chipping away now.
Right on. She's all yours. pal.
This is about right.
We did it.
That's it.
Wait. I can't leave you here.
You don't have a choice.
I'm one of the bad guys. remember?
Over there! Go. go. go!
- Come on. man. Let's move it!
- Check this out.
Can you see the assailant?
Number eight. Affirmative.
I've got him in sight.
What are you gonna do?
Go back to my cell. Stay out of the way.
- Michael.
- What?
They see us.
- You have to go.
- I can't. They'll kill you.
You go out the door. I'll drop to the floor.
They're sharpshooters. Michael.
They won't miss.
That's why you can't stay here.
- What's going on?
- I'm coming. Doc!
Go!
Who's this?
That's my guy.
Hey.
- Nice ride.
- Yeah. You like that?
Cop auction. $300.
You must be Veronica.
Whoever tipped off the cops
about Lincoln Burrows
called from this number.
It wasn't an easy trace.
I hope you're not too bummed.
Why? What's the problem?
It's a payphone.
This is it. 11 th and Constitution.
Anyone could've made that call.
Any one of the million people
who pass through here every day.
That's empty.
What about that?
Federal Energy Commission.
That's interesting.
Where you going?
I'm gonna go see if this guy knows
what was in there.
Excuse me.
Do you know what was in that space
before you?
Okay. Thanks.
Hey. it was the regional headquarters
for a company called Ecofield.
- Terrence Steadman's company?
- That's right.
- Hello?
- Veronica.
Who is this?
That's the problem. Veronica.
You ask too many questions.
Now I have one for you.
Is Lincoln Burrows really worth it?
Here. give me the phone. Who is this?
Nick Savrinn.
I just wanted to let you know.
As of now. both of you are dead.
Come on. let's go.
All inmates have one minute
to return to their cells.
Michael! Michael!
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
I didn't touch your man.
I didn't touch him! Ask him.
Things have changed since we last met.
Relax. partner. I'm in on it now.
The rabbit plan. Know all about it.
So's the CO.
Why'd you take Abruzzi down there?
I didn't take him down there!
He was just. he just turned up!
- And the pedophile. he thinks he's in.
- I know. Tenemos un problema.
Shut up! Where's Michael?
Where's Michael?
Michael! Michael!
Final warning.
Where have you been?
- All over. Are you all right?
- Yeah. Are you?
Yes. Yes.
Move!
- Are you okay?
- I'm okay. I'm okay.
- Bellick.
- She's walking. That's a good sign.
Yeah. astute observation.
Maybe you'd like to share that
with the Governor.
I was tense. I was just trying...
Next time you badmouth me
to one of my superiors.
there are going to be
serious consequences.
- Do I make myself clear. Captain?
- Yes. sir.
Good.
Sara.
Sara. Sara.
- Dad?
- Sara.
Come on. Are you all right? Are you okay?
I told you.
I told you when you took this job. I knew
something like this was gonna happen.
Didn't I? I knew something like this
was gonna happen.
God. Dad. how about.
"I'm happy to see you alive"?
Well. sweetheart. I just want you to see
what you're doing to yourself.
I mean. there is nobody
that is forcing you to be here.
I know. Thanks. Dad.
All right. Let's clean this mess up.
- What's going on?
- You won't believe it. Fish. We did it.
You've never seen nothing like it.
Those little Hooker holes were right on.
All right. Let's get everyone out of here.
Especially him.
Getting him out of here.
I'm gonna take care of him myself.
- You're not going to kill him.
- I'm not coming back here.
- It's over. We don't need him no more.
- You're not gonna kill him.
Are you so stupid you're gonna let him
walk out that front door?
- That ain't for you to decide!
- After all he's seen?
- After all he's seen? After all he's seen?
- Get out.
Keep your mouth shut and turn left.
Get out!
If we have a problem.
we know where to find you.
Forget about it.
Just forget about it. all right?
No!
One for the team.
Okay. So. this is the complete list
of the injured and dead.
- And it's the whole list?
- Yeah.
Thank you very much.
- Thanks.
Hey. Ron.
Dr. Tancredi.
- Glad to see you made it out alive.
- Yeah. me. too.
Question.
Why'd your department
assign inmates on PI
to do a toxic mold removal project?
What toxic mold project?
In the crawlspace in A-Wing.
PI didn't go there.
And we'd never assign inmates to do that.
- Okay. sorry.
- No problem.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm